CC-9280: Adjusted CMS feature install guide (#1378)
spryker/spryker-docs: _includes/pbc/all/install-features/202204.0/install-the-cms-feature.md

}
```

### 5) Add Form plugin

#### Register XSS Protection Form plugin

> 1. Enable Form plugins to add XSS protection options in Backoffice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enable the form plugin to add XSS protection options in Backoffice.
```
